# Data Level Fusion
The following project's goal is to implement image processing algorithms to filter and upsample disparity images and then reconstruct the 3D scene based on the upsampled disparities. All together 12 pairs of RGB-D images are processed and commpared using different metrics like NCC, SSD/MSE, SSIM.
The following algorithms are implemented:
- Bilateral filtering
- Median bilateral filtering 
- Guided bilateral filtering 
- Naive bilateral upsampling
- Iterative bilateral upsampling
Below is a short explanation of the folder structure of the repository.
### Doc 
Documentation in .pdf and .lyx format. The best parameters for each approach are also here in a .csv dump.
### Images
The rendered images from the point clouds. These are screenshots from Meshlab to demonstrate the effect of stereo reconstruction.
### Oriented_clouds_staged
The point clouds that have been generated have also been rendered into a .ply format. These point clouds can be found in this folder. This is only a subset of the rendered clouds as the storage space wasn't enough on Github and there were many clouds generated.
### Plots
All the diagrams for the statistical analysis.
### Results_staged
The filtered images generated by the algorithms implemented in the project. This is only a subset of the rendered images on a single sample (aloe) as the storage space wasn't enough on Github and there were many results generated.
## Main folder
### main.cpp
The stereo reconstruction and disparity estimation happens here. Uses change of Guassian sigma to measure an image.
### main_window.cpp
The main function that uses different window sizes to measure an image.
### metrics.cpp
The metrics used to evaluate the point clouds are defined here:
- SSD
- NCC 
- SSIM
### plotmaker.py
The script used to create plots. The input to this file is runlogs.csv where all the running parameters have been logged.
### surfNormalEstimator.py
The script used to render an .xyz point cloud to an .ply point cloud by estimating the normal vector to each point. 
### runlogs.csv
A program-generated file that contains the metrics and is the source for all the plots.
### bestparams_sig.csv
The best-performing configuration for Gaussian sigma.
### bestparams_sig_clean.csv
The best-performing configuration for Gaussian sigma - clean and averaged.
### bestparams_win.csv
The best-performing configuration for window size.
### bestparams_win_clean.csv
The best-performing configuration for window size - clean and averaged.
